[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm the caretaker of
Harmony Ranch in West Sedona,
3 acres with a lot of beautiful
rescued horses and ponies
and donkeys, a medicine wheel.
A lot of ceremony happens here.
A lot of groups come,
have their processes,
teaching people connections,
slowing down, noticing.
The horses are great
transmitters of energy.
They are medicine
horses, is what I--
I call the sessions
medicine horse sessions.
Sedona, the horse likes me
to say that we're a team.
So every time, I'll
give her some accolade.
She's like Adele who helped
me get over my stuff, who
found me, who brings
me the people, who
comes out in the mud
and takes care of me.
She said, we're a team,
and you must say that.
So you always listen
to your horse.
Her name is Sedona.
She came with that name.
She and I had a connection
that goes beyond this world,
this life, this dimension.
And we did some of the deepest
stuff I've ever experienced.
I had primal fear.
Whether it was another
existence, this existence,
this childhood, there's
a lot of times it might
have been presenting from.
And she held me up to clear it.
And horses are supposed to
feel what you feel and take
on your emotions.
And she just was
always there for me.
And there might be days when
she lost it, and I would hurt.
We just did this together.
We climbed some kind
of spiritual ladder.
And that's when I realized I had
to bring the people to her too.
Sedona, the horse,
and Lyrica, instantly,
something happened the first
time they were together.
Sedona is used to meeting people
at their vibrational frequency.
And all of a sudden,
Sedona said, oh, somebody
can take me into the clouds
because she's so grounded.
And they rode off together.
So it took me a while to
get Sedona back in her body
afterward.
I can't explain it.
I just observed it.
I didn't have to--
I didn't have to say a word.
I just watched.
And Gayle let Lyrica just
leaned back on her naturally.
It was just profound.
It was beautiful.
And Sedona loved it.
The horses loved it.
I just heard her saying
to Lyrica, why don't you
jump on me in spirit
form and let's go?
Let's go explore the
multiverse together
because I'm willing to
have a wild ride with you
and keep you safe.
Sedona had stayed out
of her body for a while.
She forgot she needed food.
I had to remind her
to come on back.
She was happy.
But I'm like, Sedona you
meant to stay on Earth.
I said, then you have
to reground again.
So we sent-- spent
a while getting
her to grow her roots back.
She was having a good time
galloping through the universe,
but she had a little bit of
a job to do here in her body.
So it took a month or two
for her to fully reembody.
And it was what she
was meant to do.
It gave her new insights
about other energies
to bring back to Earth.
So she kind of went-- we
call it up around in between,
integrated some new
multi-dimensional energies
where Lyrica allowed her to go,
took her to, exposed her to.
And then Sedona embodied it.
And as she stands on the
Earth with her four feet.
She's giving-- gifting
that back to the Earth.
And I didn't think it was
wrong that it happened.
I just had to guide Sedona back.
We say down, which is so
funny, back into her body.
She got an experience
that she needed.
Yeah, it's Sedona
is a bit older now.
And we want her to
stay here with us
and then have her full
experience of that energy
that Lyrica invites her to
experience at the same time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yeah, let's talk about--
I'd love to know from
Lyrica's perspective--
we heard from Adele
about her meeting,
Lyrica and Sedona, the horse.
And we recently had
a little reunion,
which was very beautiful to
see everybody come together.
Let's hear Lyrica,
what do you have
to say about Sedona, the horse.
>> She is my best non-human--
>> Non-human friend in
the whole wide world.
I don't even need to
visit her in the physical
because we were so connected
in the higher dimensions.
We have a soul contract that
both of us got immediately.
Yet, we had much to learn
after I first took her way
out dimensionally with me.
She loved it so much.
She didn't come back
in for quite some time.
It was a problem for Adele and
Sedona's role as a medicine
paint therapist for children.
So now, we have
dimensional boundaries
that we have to honor.
But there is still plenty
of higher light room
for us to share our
heart in this world.
Hearts are the most important
asset to honor and bless.
Sedona does that often for me.
Right now, I was worn out
from this morning session
and bolted out the
door to say done.
But Sedona nuzzled up
to me and filled me
with such love and support,
but now I'm OK to proceed.
I can't even put
into words what she
means to me as a teacher
and a guide who's
not compromised in any way.
She is just here to
clearly love and serve.
I think that's what animals
and nature bring to us.
They don't have the
life complications
that we seem to create and
then have to reorder as part
of our waking up process.
Sedona is already awake.
She doesn't need my help.
But my love is greatly honored
and appreciated by her.
>> When she said compromised,
does that mean kind of being
in the physical body
in this plane people,
teachers even can
get compromised?
>> People, even teachers
get compromised.
It happens when the
light truth we are
drops into our
pockets of untruth,
where our darkness
still remains waiting
to be addressed and transmuted
into its light of day.
Horses act on instinct.
And that's a truth position,
just like intuition
is our truth position.
They don't judge
our poor behaviors
when we treat them in
unkind or thoughtless ways.
>> Ways.
>> Where humans can--
we get a little
caught up in the ego.
>> Lyrica, I noticed how
absolutely calm you are.
Is that Sedona's
presence that is really
coming in and
bringing you peace?
Totally.
Thank you, Sedona.
Yeah, thank you.
>> Originally, when
did you meet Sedona?
>> When we moved here in 2014.
>> OK, so around the time
I was talking to you guys.
>> Yeah, yeah, exactly.
That's-- through Adele.
And all of her family of
skulls, all of that kind of
came in together.
>> With the skulls.
Speaking of the skull,
I'd like to segue
into that a little bit.
When Lyrica talks to the
Mitchell Hedges' skull,
is the skull have a more of a
feminine energy or a masculine
or is it balanced?
>> I think it is
by design balanced.
And I think each person
who relates to it
does so from their own
state of development
within their own balancing
act of their feminine
and masculine.
In our new book, we
have a big chapter
on balancing both the feminine
and masculine as our journey
too.
I love that part because
in my ascension journey,
I travel through different
developments or steps.
First, came
experiencing oneness,
then exploring oneness,
and then the next hip hop
would naturally be to
stabilize being in oneness.
But that's not possible
without balancing the feminine
and masculine because they
need to operate as one wholly
tag team.
For example, I get my intuitive
guidance and wholly full of
energy from the feminine
side of my nature.
But to be able to bring it
forward, to take a step,
or act in a world
in a certain way
to manifest a higher outcome
requires my balanced masculine
to partner with the
feminine light in me.
So manifestation in
this world begins
in the inspiration and
direction of the feminine,
but landing it into a physical
outcome is a masculine role.
So kind of like Sedona, I
don't see the skull having
any mistaken orientation.
It feels very pure, but it
can be used in impure ways
by unfair tapper-inners.
>> Tapper-inners.
That's a funny
word, tapper-inners.
>> Like tampering?
>> No.
Tapper-inner, like people that
are tapping into the skull.
They could try to use
it for the wrong--
because it's powerful, they
could try to use that power.
And that's where that
masculine is unbalanced.
They're trying to use
it for self rather than
for the good of
all or for a higher
good or truth kind of outcome.
Is that what you were saying?
Yes.
>> Has it been used
that way before?
>> Absolutely.
I remember having a dream.
Lyrica's dad is-- we
were talking about it
in another session,
was Yaqui, Mayan kind
of Civil rights person.
But I can remember, I
guess, certainly a past life
when he was probably like I was,
involved with protecting it.
And there was definitely a race
to save the skull from getting
into the wrong hands.
And I don't remember
the details.
But the essence of
that intensity--
the intensity of
that guardianship
and doing whatever
it took to keep it
in the right hands and
not the wrong hands
was very, very strong and
palatable to me at the time.
>> There are many dark forces
still on the planet now that
we're purging.
And yeah, Bill has an important
role to keep that from--
>> Well, at least he has the
martial arts ability so that
if there was some kind
of hijacking effort,
that he would have the
ability to protect her/him.
>> We've seen him swat some
hands that tried to touch it
without permission.
So that was quick.
>> Look how much he invited
and encouraged Lyrica to just
almost fondle the skull.
I mean, it was very, very--
I didn't expect that.
And I was very touched by it.
>> Yeah, we've seen him only
really allow some of the Mayan
elders or--
the people he allows to touch
it are the people that you
can tell have a high spiritual
awareness and centeredness.
So he doesn't let just any
random people touch it.
Yeah, in some sessions,
I think he feels
or the skull will tell him
it's OK for them to touch it.
So I appreciate Lyrica-- you
and Lyrica's time for helping us
understand the journey better.
So just want to
acknowledge the connection
and acknowledge the guidance.
I think Bill is, for
sure, on a journey
that we've been documenting.
And he's processing a lot,
especially these days.
And I'm sure the time
he's spent is helping
with processing that energy.
So thank you.
Thank you.
>> In our belief system,
this source energy,
the source light, the source
signature is also the signature
of the divine mother.
And it's very apparent
to us that that's
a really lost leader
in society right now
through all the generations
of persecution and abuse
and whatever.
And the divine
masculine really can't
come in to its balance and truth
without the divine feminine
being re-installed literally
on the Earth plane.
And so this whole idea
of having this stack
of this wonderful
group of the non-verbal
autistics who are innately
naturally connected
with the light of the mother.
I mean, it's their signature.
That's who they are.
And they can actually hold
and access it and bring it
into the pyramid portal.
And that's a whole
other-- that's
a whole big story
about the pyramid.
I don't know if we want to
go into that or not but--
>> Yeah, actually,
I do eventually.
This might be a
good segue for that.
>> [SINGING] This
is very precious.
This is very precious.
I like the way your eyes
shine bright on this very day.
All right, all right.
OK, let mom start
talking about this.
I'd like to talk a little bit
about this amazing beloved
pyramid in our life.
It was built by two very highly
conscious Sedona engineers,
Jason Stiles and Michael Massey.
>> Well, it began--
was it 2015?
I believe it was, when
I met Gayle and Lyrica.
And we had an instant rapport.
And so we had spent
some time together.
And we had gone on a big
mission, if you will.
It was a cool experience for
Gayle, Lyrica, and myself.
And we went 1,200 miles.
And we did a trip all the way
around the four corners hitting
up all these sacred sites.
And we were gathering
what I called magic sand
from all these vortex locations
at national parks through
there in Arizona, then into
Utah to Zion and Arches National
Park, and then on into
Colorado to Garden of the Gods,
and then down through
Taos in New Mexico,
and then back to Sedona.
Well, what we-- what I
did is I looked for--
at each of these
locations, I was
looking for-- there's
a very fine powdery
almost like a powdered
sugar type of sand
that's typically found
around vortex sites.
And so I was looking
for that sand.
And so I actually collected
this sand all around the area.
And then I actually used that
as one of the building materials
that went into the very first
pyramid that we made together.
And you're familiar with
organic builds where you're
using a variety of different
layered materials encased
in resin?
And in this case, we're
actually then also coupling that
with a core quartz crystal that
is wire wrapped and then also
with an-- what we
call active pyramid.
So we build this pyramid
that's actually is a--
actually build this capstone.
And that capstone
has a core crystal
that is actually
surrounded by a wire coil
that we run a current through.
That generates a magnetic field.
And depending on
the frequency, it's
going to change the
field characteristics
in terms of what the field
is-- the magnetic field that's
generated.
Then it can have a different
pulsed frequency to it.
And then depending on
which frequency you select,
then you may feel
different effects
and would target
different chakras
within the chakra system
or different organs
within the body,
different systems.
And incidentally,
with Gayle and Lyrica,
I originally just set
up the first pyramid
that the frequency
that's generating
was set in phase
with a light, show--
we actually put lights
in the thing as well.
So that it was
actually matching--
the frequency was
matching or in phase
with whether blue,
green, red, purple,
with the color spectrum.
And so it was an alternating.
That's how we did--
I built the first
pyramid for them.
And then the second
pyramid, they only
used actually the
frequency inputs
for a short period of
time before they actually
unplugged those, feeling that
actually that programming was
complete.
And from there, they
were able to just layer
on additional programming
into the device.
There is a specific
or unique frequency.
And it has to do with
the resonant frequency
of the specific coil system that
generates the magnetic field.
And that happens to be
in the ultrasound range.
So it's up around 28
kilohertz, above the spectrum
of human hearing.
So you needed to use a special
ultrasound frequency generator.
And what happens
is we're familiar
with harmonic resonance or
resonant frequencies of what's
called a natural frequency.
A classic example
is a opera singer
who sings that they
hit-- if they're
able to hit the natural
frequency of a crystal goblet,
it starts to oscillate.
And it can oscillate
with continued input.
It keeps amplifying,
amplifying, amplifying
until it will actually
shatter, right?
>> Right.
Right.
>> So that's what happens
with the natural frequency.
We also see the same thing
or experience the same thing
in terms of a singing bowl if--
or playing the
water goblets when
you're able to hit the
right frequency, then all
of a sudden, it starts to hum.
So there's actually a
specific natural frequency
for the coil, the
magnetic coil that
happen-- that is in
that ultrasound range.
And when that frequency is hit--
so even though it's a 28
kilohertz input signal,
it produces about
a 60 hertz output
where it actually
beats like a heart.
It goes boom, boom, boom.
The very first pyramid, it was
built, and I included a device.
It was called a star
catcher is what I called it.
It was a secondary
coil system that
set underneath kind of in the--
like a disk in the
middle of the pyramid.
And rather than
most of the pyramid
builds that were
kind of going on,
it was starting to-- a few
guys were doing this in Sedona.
And their main focus was to kind
of harness their consciousness
and then use the pyramid to
amplify it to use so-called--
get out.
>> Astral travel.
>> Astral travel to
escape this world, right?
>> Right, right.
Did it work?
>> And it does kind of
work in that regard.
That's one way that you
can utilize the technology.
But one of the things
that was really
interesting about Lyrica,
as a non-verbal autistics,
she's already out there.
She's trying to get in here.
And she's trying to get into
a body that she has like--
I liken it to--
it's imagine you have
a puppet, and you're
trying to control a puppet.
And imagine you only
had like three strings.
And so you can move one arm
and a leg and the torso.
That's about all.
So she had very few strings at
which her overall consciousness
could manipulate her physical
body and leaning to-- this
is the non-verbal autism.
>> Right.
>> And so her interest
was actually to come--
is how to get
deeper into her body
to be able to command it more.
And through-- so we built this
to actually bring energy down
and anchor it.
And as it turn-- it
ends up turning out,
the pyramid did serve a
purpose in helping Lyrica
to ground deeper into her body.
In fact, she-- some of the
things that she's able to do--
and I don't know that--
if Gayle had shared
some of it with you.
But that-- is she'll get into
the fridge herself right now.
She can open up things that
she couldn't have before.
She can feed herself in ways
that she couldn't ever before.
Is really amazing,
and it's working.
So now, I liken
it to-- obviously,
she's not-- she isn't
fully functional.
But it's like she went from
three strings to, let's say,
two dozen.
>> Right.
>> OK?
Which has given her--
it's expanded her own ability
to interact with her environment
in very incredible ways.
So there was that
kind of function.
Now, there was another
function that was kind of--
this was kind of a
telepathic conversation
that I was having with
Lyrica that we didn't really
loop Gayle in too much because
it was somewhat of a kind of--
call it a surprise.
>> Oh, OK.
>> OK?
Is that this pyramid build
was really was for Gayle.
You see, prior to--
in like 10 years ago,
you had Gayle acting as somewhat
of a translator or interpreter.
And Lyrica was the
one that was having
this galactic cosmic experience.
And then Gayle was just was-
>> The translator.
And so there was a--
Lyrica really
wanted her mom to be
able to share with her some of
these other planes of existence
and to be able to travel
with her through the ethers.
>> Gotcha.
>> And so this pyramid build,
particularly this second build
is like a--
it's a harness.
It's a container.
It's a spaceship
that allows Gayle
to be able to share these
experiences with Lyrica.
>> I see.
Wow.
>> We waited till we built
and delivered the second one.
And I think that was in--
that was in the summer
of 2016, I think.
Yeah, when we
completed that build.
And that one's kind of one of
a kind, what we call an arc 2.
So we had delivered that.
And it was more like
let's wait and see.
And rather than trying to set
the expectation of oh, hey,
this is for you and--
then it was just--
it was just a wait-and-see.
So it was about--
I think it was maybe
about a year later
where the reports
just kept coming in.
And so Gayle was sharing with
her all these experiences
that she's having.
And then finally, it
was like, OK, well, now
you-- now it's time to
reveal this is for you.
>> When this was being built,
Lyrica and Michael were working
together in the
higher dimensions.
And they realized over time
that they were actually
building a 12D template.
And then we were
guided to actually take
this, their template and drive
a four-state area from Arizona
to Utah to Colorado
to New Mexico
and actually deposit it
in the grid to support
humanity's ascension process.
So when this structure
was being built,
Michael was very conscious
about embedding that 12D portal
into the actual design
of this pyramid.
He also has a very close
telepathic relationship
with Lyrica.
So when he-- when this
thing was being built,
Lyrica would
downstream or send him
telepathic messages about
more spiritual technology that
was coming through
her soul stream
that needed to go
into this pyramid.
So all the time, there were
higher beings involved.
But there was also this
download from Lyrica going
through Michael into the build.
So that's the beginning of
that consciousness factor
that was being co-created.
>> So with Lyrica, so it
begins with an open-hearted
invitation.
So we just sit together, open
our hearts to each other.
And then we kind of
have this protocol
where what we're going to do is
we're going to do like a mind--
it's like a mind meld
or entering a drift.
And so then-- so our
consciousness come together.
And then I'm going
to start rolling
through different thoughts.
I'm going to just-- and I
hold each thought for just
like a second, if that.
And so what I'll be-- do
is I just allow my mind
to think whatever thoughts might
be coming up into the queue.
And then what happens
is then Lyrica
has a feedback mechanism when I
hit a thought that she really,
really likes, then she'll do--
she has a-
>> Physical.
>> Physical signature
of a yes that we have.
And if it's something
that she really loves,
then she just giggles.
Yeah, so that's-- yeah, that
feedback is important, yeah.
>> Very cool.
>> Yeah.
I still work a little
bit here and there
with Jason at IPyramids.
We have in our mind
actually another Bill
to make at some point.
In the not too distant future,
we're going to go for--
would be a-- what
we call an arc 12.
It would have 12--
>> Oh, wow.
>> 12 field generators in it.
It would actually be what we
call the vector equilibrium.
>> Oh, OK, yeah, yeah.
>> If you're familiar with that.
>> Very familiar.
>> That's not been done.
Now, the most we've
done is an octahedron.
>> Right.
>> And now we had
built one of those.
And we first debuted it
at the pyramid conference
up in Chicago.
This was back in 2016.
And we set that up,
created the space,
and we had a line all the way
down the hallway of people
coming in to take three-minute
rides inside of it.
And the number one
feedback people
were getting when
they were coming out
was just tears streaming
down their face.
>> Wow.
>> We also-- when we
first set that device up,
took us 17 hours
to put it together.
And when we finished it, then
we noticed the TV turned itself
on, that we had in the room.
We thought, wow, that's unusual.
What was really unusual, is that
it was unplugged from the wall.
>> Nice.
>> So well, there's been all
kinds of anomalies around this
particular device, and so--
but the biggest one
we've built is this--
the-- yeah--
The 6, yeah, the arc 6,
which is in octahedron shape.
So the idea is to build
an arc 12, which would
be in a vector equilibrium.
>> Or in Jason's words, if I
can remember them, this is a--
let's see-- a biofield
generator that re-patterns
or reorient the holographic
multi-dimensional informational
field of the mind-body complex
using golden ratio optimization
and superluminal
pulsed electromagnetic.
So chew on that
one for a minute.
>> Good memory, though.
>> One of my big revelations in
meeting you guys was that there
is this collective
that there's--
and America is part
of this collective.
And so many people,
I think, don't--
it hasn't even
crossed their mind.
So what I'd like
to show and talk
about just a little bit
is that collective--
autistic collective
consciousness
that is coming here
in helping humanity
raise its consciousness.
>> It is still--
>> It still is a higher
light than most can directly
interface with or receive.
Yet, there are teachers
who help translate
this frequency for
families and others
who desire to
experience who we are
and the gifts we have to share.
My connection with the autism
collective consciousness
that I like to call the
non-verbal autistic higher
light purpose has been a very
important part of my journey.
I would not be who
I am or where I
am without the
presence and power
the non-verbal
autistic collective.
At times, I have shared my
telepathic conversations
with beloveds in my soul group.
And other times, not so much.
Yet, when things
get hard in my life,
I tap into the non-verbal
autistic higher light
purpose as my guiding light.
I just have to look
over my shoulder
and see and feel the sea of
massive heart love essence
that my beloveds
hold and represent.
It helps me get back up and
return to my purpose, which
is to shine the light
as I am and they
are to humanity at large.
>> And this is a collective
agreement by the individuals
but this greater consciousness
to come here in this planet,
is my understanding?
>> My experience.
Is that I was personally
chosen to play a unique role
in our ascension process.
I said a loud yes.
Others in my soul group received
a similar tap on the shoulder
to come in as masters of
higher light consciousness
to support planetary evolution.
This soul choice made by a
vast number of my beloveds
is key to fulfilling the
non-verbal autistics higher
light purpose right
here and right now.
Our design is lightly
incarnated souls
who have not lost their
connection to source
is the secret to our ability to
support humanity's ascension.
We do so by bringing
our high vibe
frequency into families
and communities
where we live and play.
This frequency touches others
in a very different ways.
Some, who are already in their
own higher light patterning,
reach out to us as ambassadors
of great light transport.
Yet others, who
are less involved,
see us as problems and misfits.
Yet, we don't give up.
However, we can only
be true to what we are.
We are mom likes to call
energy meter readers.
In our environments, we
mirror the energetic pattern
of coherence or
lack of coherence
in each and every moment.
So when we act out, it's not
because we're misbehaving.
Is because we're responding
to a terrible energy dream
that we hope someone will
notice and learn from.
>> I guess that means change
too if they can, right?
I love my newer--
>> I love my newer ability to
use spoken words here and there
with mom.
One of my faves
is cut or cut now.
>> Cut.
>> Oh, wait a minute,
what did you say?
>> Contact.
>> Maybe that's what she said.
>> Yeah, contact.
>> Making contact.
>> You make contact?
>> That's when my wise mom
knows that I'm responding
to something in our immediate
time of interaction that is out
of alignment.
She gets it quickly.
And the job is done.
But many families,
that's not the case.
So a struggle follows when
they try to fix us, making us
into little people robots.
That's not our role.
We strongly refuse
to be programmed
into anything that is out
of alignment with our truth.
And if we were to
change to please others,
it would shut down our higher
abilities and self purpose
for being here.
>> Absolutely.
Just-- we touched upon
Adrian and Daniel.
And how does Lyrica
work with them
as the collective and the
role-- what they were working on
back then and maybe
if they're still
working together now astrally.
>> Even--
>> Even when I dropped out
of my active role with them,
my heart never forgot.
>> My heart never forgot.
They are-- I'm going
to start crying.
They are so dear--
>> They are so dear
to me and to mom.
They are teachers of
mine in many ways.
And our family retreats
together in our home in Sedona.
We had such terrific light
journeys shared together.
When we were no longer in
the same physical space,
both had their
ways of popping in.
I'm used to their
telepathic taps
into my day or even a sensation
of their light hitting mine.
Instantly.
I read whose signature it
is and smile for the visit.
>> For the visit.
They pop--
>> They pop in when
I need some support.
And I believe they understand
my life almost as well as I do.
>> As well as I do.
When Adri--
>> When Adri wanted to make her
presence known to mom without
using telepathy, she would turn
on my iPad and make it play
the song mom calls
her Adri song.
>> Calls her Adri song
"You'll be in My Life,"
by Phil Collins.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> It just makes me tear up.
"You'll be in My Heart,"
that's what it is, yeah.
So she--
>> So Adri is a
master of telekinesis.
>> Telekinesis, of being able
to turn things on that are not
turned on.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And Daniel has even--
>> Daniel has an equally
remarkable higher ability
called shapeshifting.
He has appeared to mom
twice here in Sedona
as a multi-colored lizard.
I love how mom instantly
knew it was Daniel.
She was able to get very close
to this Daniel lizard whose
bodily markings resembled
a Matisse-like modern art
painting.
>> Modern art painting.
>> Wow.
>> This lizard animated by
Daniel's consciousness remained
very still just looking up
at mom until its message
and energetic gift to
her have been delivered.
These appearances happened at
Ari in Crescent Moon Ranch.
They're sacred places where
our families loved to visit.
>> Yeah, so those are some of
the wonderful memories that we
have.
And there is one
more holy story--
>> There's one more holy
story to share about Daniel.
We began first meeting with both
families in their own homes.
Daniel lives in San Antonio.
On the last day of our
first visit together,
mom was working with Daniel
with his mom's permission
since Daniel was a new typer.
Mom's expertise and
total faith in Daniel
was supporting him to believe
in his own innate ability
to type his truth.
>> I remember those days, yeah.
>> He looked--
>> He looked at me.
And mom knew his
message was for me.
He slowly typed out you are my
sweetheart forever and ever.
>> And ever.
And all-- mom and his
two parents cried-
>> Oh.
>> To think we have the capacity
and heart to love in this deep
eternal way.
>> Beautiful.
>> And they're here-- there's
no question that their whole
purpose for being here in the
form they are is to support
our ascension process.
We just have to give them
sort of a vehicle and enough
honoring and
understanding of them
so that they can
really be who they are.
And they've had a rough go.
And we're also hoping
that the physicalization
of the pyramid and the
dimensional corridor being more
physicalized will give
them a kind of a safe haven
to sort of recharge
and really step more
firmly and consciously into the
purpose that they're here for.
>> Right now, obviously,
because of COVID and the idea
of vaccinations is
such a hot topic.
And if we back up a few
years before we even
got into the vaccination
topic of COVID,
there was a lot of
talk about vaccinations
having an effect on the
numbers of autistic people
on the planet.
And I was wondering from--
there's the physical
chemical reactions going on.
But I know there's a
higher perspective as well.
How do we balance
that idea of this
is caused from a chemical
injection as well--
and then the actual idea of an
energetic collective conscious
plan to come in at this time?
How does that work
together like that?
>> That's a wonderful
whopper question.
What do you think, Lyrica?
Put all your
philosopher hat, OK?
I agree--
>> I agree that
vaccines, all of them,
are toxic to higher
vibratory beings.
And we protests that whole
mindset of forcing humans
into programmed Earth agendas.
For sure, we chose
a very tough role
to play as masters here
without a speaking voice.
See, once we fell
into Earth's density,
we immediately experienced
many frequency challenges
to our biology, the most
notable being the vaccines.
Yet, I believe that
the sole choice
takes precedence at all
times, and everything else
is secondary.
This truth is clearly
illustrated in our new book.
I have an illness that
no one could figure out.
It was labeled as
failure to thrive.
And it was placed in hospice
care expecting to die.
>> I was in hospice to die.
And the end of the story
obviously is I didn't die.
And--
>> Wow, I didn't know that.
>> It-- she had three
near-death experiences, yeah.
One before this book,
and two in the book.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, but I learned--
>> I learned it was not
a medical causation.
It was a soul choice, one that
I did not consciously make,
but my soul did, because I
had to have a light filled
experience of being
in my body, which
often happens prior
to death in order
to choose to fully embody.
>> I see.
>> So I guess what she's saying
is that choice is primal.
I mean, it kind of guides
the whole process, then how
the biology follows in its--
I guess in its
development of becoming
the human that's intended.
>> Right.
>> That's a whole other--
>> Mechanism that's really--
we don't understand,
>> It's hard to
understand, yeah.
>> But ultimately-- yeah,
that was kind of my question.
I mean, I kind of
knew the answer
from all the work we're doing.
But I just wanted to hear
from Lyrica that, yeah,
the soul seems to be--
>> What?
>> The soul--
>> Soul is guiding
>> The soul guides everything.
>> Everything.
>> Most people forget that.
For example, the soul knows when
to come in and when to leave.
In my ascension journey,
I had experiences
that tap into the soul's travel
in and travel out mechanism
that I know as soul bubbles.
In my travels to my spaceship
and connecting from their back
into our pyramid here, I
experienced this dynamic
as the transporting of
some of my soul bubbles
out and then back in.
Now, I have a totally
different idea
of what people
think of as death.
I don't see it as
death, but instead
is a beautiful transference
back into our heavenly home
and can naturally
happen in softer ways
when it lights up a life
completion celebration.
The-- after my
hospice recovery, I
knew I wanted to
leave this world
in an able-bodied, soul-chosen,
and soul-directed way.
Just stay tuned.
>> Stay tuned.
>> Speaking of the idea
of death and ghosts,
we have physical
anomalies of other beings,
many traumatized beings from
wars and battles and even
the Holocaust.
What's her perspective on
those particular souls that
are, in a sense, trapped here?
Yeah.
Is that-- how do we--
>> I don't work in--
>> I don't work in this realm,
but I know there are very
wonderful people who can
bring closure to trapped souls
by resolving issues that
were not closed at the time
of their exit.
>> At the time of exit.
>> And then transitioning
into sort of Native American
and Indigenous
teachings, we have--
it sounds like much
of what they say--
and I know Lyrica actually
has a Mayan dad, and--
so she has that blood in her.
And many of the things that
she says sort of that has--
being around-- going
up to Hopi and being
around many of the
Indigenous teachings,
they have this idea
just leave it to spirit.
The spirit will take care of it.
It's kind of like letting the
universe do its thing, right?
And then it's connecting
with the animal kingdom
as well in that sense.
There's more of a connection in
their culture to these energies
that I've known.
And it sounds--
I can feel it when
she's talking.
I just-- it brings
me back to those
teachings that I've learned from
being around those energies.
So could she say something
about her ancestry
and the Indigenous
peoples of the planet?
>> The Indigenous ones past
and present know that a deep
connection to nature is
the only true road to walk.
Humans have injured
our precious Mama Gaia
by their lower
consciousness ways
of caring only for themselves.
We have a long way to go
to correct that injustice.
Yet, even a longer
road to understand
how our connection
to the Earth, nature,
her cycles, and her life
force is the only medicine
and healing that truly matters.
It's about moving
into our hearts,
into a space to honor every
living aspect of creator
as our family here for us
to care for and learn from.
When we remember this
Indigenous way of nature, living
and walking, we are on the
path of creating the new Earth.
>> On the path of
creating the new Earth.
>> That's the path we are--
many of us are failing these
days to get back on that path.
>> I mean, how beautiful
is just to go hug a tree?
>> To hug a tree, to
have that communication.
And it's coming back.
I feel a lot of people--
especially since we started
this journey 10 years ago,
so many people are coming
to that realization.
I started my journey 10
years ago or a little
over 10 years ago.
But along my path,
I'm seeing around me,
wow, look at all
these people who--
many who were already on the
path that I've connected with,
but many more who also have
decided to embrace those
teachings.
>> And that's for us--
a big part of the column
but the return to Sedona.
There's just such magic here.
And it's not just--
I mean, the Red Rocks
are just killer.
I mean, every day, I get up
and drive to the grocery store.
And even if there's
kind of traffic
that you have to go
like, a whole hum.
It's like I don't care because--
>> You've got the best
view in the planet.
>> And this is the best medicine
in the whole wide world that I
could be immersed in, whether
it's a slow trip or a fast trip
and--
but it's not just the Red Rocks.
It's the history of
the Indigenous ones
that put this
territory on the map
and created the
sacredness of the grid.
And it's just really
heartwarming to me
that we can do a lot
of damage and mischief,
but that core strength kind
of remains in spite of us.
And of course, there's
a lot of people here now
that are working with the grids
and working with the Indigenous
practices and teaches--
teachings.
And what I love about it was--
it's my understanding that
originally the Indigenous ones
didn't even live in Sedona.
They lived outside of
Sedona because they only
came here for ceremony.
>> Yep, I've heard
that too recently.
I did not know that
until recently.
>> And that was--
part of that was just
out of respect and also
knowing the level of energy
that this place generates day in
and day out, and
respecting that as well.
>> The non-verbal autistics and
Lyrica and where we're headed
with all of this, can you tell
us a little bit about your role
in bridging these worlds?
I know we've been-- that's
the whole conversation here,
but in maybe a sum up summary.
>> Bridging requires--
>> Bridging requires a
desire and a heart readiness.
So my role, as I see it, is
to share all of my experiences
that I can, not because
I'm so important,
but because my experiences have
a transmission quality that can
activate those who are ready.
To be honest, if
someone doesn't even
know that these other worlds
exist as conscious bodies
with conscious
beings, there's no way
they will be able to access
the bridge between the worlds.
So by sharing my own
experiences rather than theory,
I feel that people develop
a relationship with me
and begin to trust
in my stories.
My footpath can then open up a
similar footpath in their lives
to be open, ask questions,
and seek connections.
>> Seek connections.
>> Beautiful.
That's what we're trying
to do here with the show
and with our audience here.
I think we're all
asking the questions.
And it's such an honor
to have Lyrica here
to be able to bring through such
amazing messages for everyone.
So grate-- super grateful.
>> I am finally settled down
to share my inner heart truth
because without heart, intellect
is a poor guidance system that
goes off track easily.
And if I had one
wish, it would be
to help deprogram the
parenting and societal values
that mom calls pushing children
to be lawyers, doctors,
Indian chiefs, to success,
material success, fame,
fortune.
It is such a dead-end
street, but often, that's
where it finally hit their
truth and begin to look
for another road to travel.
>> That's where we're at.
I think a lot of people are
coming to that realization.
The world has enough
lawyers, enough doctors,
and what was the other one?
>> Indian chiefs.
But that's not the
Indigenous wondrous ones.
>> Right, right, right.
No, that's the--
>> That's like the ego.
>> The guru ones, yeah.
>> Yeah, the ego dancing
on stage kind of-
>> Sure, sure, sure.
>> Showing.
>> Yeah, we definitely have
way too much of that stuff.
So well, thank you so much.
What an amazing--
again, an honor.
I know this has been
a long journey for us.
And you, Lyrica, thank
you for all your patience
all these years and to continue
to do these interviews.
>> Thank you for doing the
shows that you're doing
and enlightening humanity, and--
>> I'm just-- I'm having fun.
I'm just exploring,
asking the questions.
And I'm glad that we have
a curious audience that
goes along with me.
>> Yeah, but the quality of
people that you're pulling
in, attracting magnetically
is such a testimony to how
on track and how much the
universe wants this information
out there.
And like you say, it's kind of
like you're in it for the ride.
>> Truly.
>> I mean, you have a
car that drives itself.
And you have a career
that drives itself.
And you just have to show up.
>> I just have to show up
and hit the record button.
Make sure the
batteries are charged.
>> I got it.
Well, then the editing.
That's the hard part.
>> Yeah, right.
Well, we've got help with Steve
here on that and all the work
we're doing.
>> Thank you, Steve, too.
You're a big part
of this amazing work
and changing the
world, changing lives,
changing perspectives
and beliefs,
and all that good stuff.
>> You think Lyrica might
be up for a group hug.
It's kind of a tradition I
do at the end of these now.
>> Of course.
>> Awesome.
>> I am so wasted,
but in a good way.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Oh, there we go.
>> Oh, my.
She's saying you're
too high up there.
Oh, she kissed your heart.
Did she get that?
[MUSIC PLAYING]